well anyways has asked today to clean up
some exhaust stacks from the winter
beating that it takes from sitting on a
lot and what it is is just little rough
spots on the exhaust shield so what I'm
going to use today is a little bit of
glass cleaner and a dirty polishing
right but I use for polishing aluminum a
little aluminum brightener
that's probably 50/50 I use this kind of
heavy on this and then a little bit of a
white or you know light cream polish you
know use a separate rag for each so
anyways what we're gonna do is we're
going to attack this today as you can
see I've done in a bottom panel already
but as we get to the top to see the
damage that was has to be
that's what I'm what I do is I just take
a little bit
of the aluminum brightener on the right
here we go
you'll see them just start to disappear
now you want to keep it moist and you
don't want to do this out no hot hot Sun
the way you will have problems you can
see inside the little shield great gets
up in there
and I'm just going to keep it moistened
a little bit
the boys
throw some window cleaner
that are breaking
I'm just gonna use a rash what this is
doing is that is have Mon your face
window cleaner is actually neutralizing
the acid so that's what I'm trying to
get right now
neutralizes get under that acid residue
off it when you gotta work so hard to
clean it up
right on there
just use my nice black polish
now that works see if you ain't got the
window cleaner on there it still leaves
a little bit of residue on there just a
glass cleaner up there
my father residue
sorry
this is a stainless-steel exhaust
right so with that said I'm gonna go
ahead and finish it come back later